5318008
Gregory, you have to be sus.
【ツ】
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO LIVE LAUGH LOVE IN THESE CONDITIONS?
19 Dollar Fortnite card. Who wants it?
Spongebob, open the door. My balls are stuck!
*gasp* WOW! THEY HAVE IT- GLIZZY
You're mom gay.
SKIBIDI BOP MM DADA
I thlammed my penith in the car door
I don't care what gender you are, put on the maid outfit.
Uh the animatronic characters here... do get a bit quirky at night.
Not every pee pee time is a poo poo time, but every poo poo time is a pee pee time.
This Disney DVD is enhanced with Disney's FastPlay. Your movie and selection of bonus features will begin automatically. To bypass fastplay, select the main menu button at any time. FastPlay will begin in a moment.
THE UNIVERSE!!!! IT SINGS TO ME!!!!!!!
Now draw her giving birth.
Boy what the hell boy
Bruh
Gregory, Roxy's Onlyfans password is in her room somewhere. Find it, Gregory. I- You need it to escape, Gregory.
It's about drive, it's about power, we stay hungry we devour
Put in the work, put in the hours and take what's ours
It's about dick, it's about penis. Men are from mars, but I'm from venus
Put it in the butt, spank em in the shower, and take what's ours
Kitten, please unblock me. I'm sorry I tagged you in a spoken mumble rap about sacrificing you to the devil.
My name is Gustavo but you can call me sus
Now's your chance to be a [Big Shot]
Now's your chance to be a [Big Shit]
I walk to Burger King, then I walk back home from Burger King.
GORP
His dick smaller than my toes, I'd rather ride Squidward nose
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?
*shits cutely*
She is such a bad bitch though - I will fuck the shit out of that robot
can i crush your balls? YEA-
Shit yourself.
COCK?!? BALLS?!? BOOBS?!? ASS?!? PERSONALITY?!?
A
PooPooPeePee FartyFart
what the dog doin
wAAAA
Dear Mario: reverb fart sfx. Yours truly, Princess Toadstool, Peach.
That's the didgeridoo who still owes me money.
To infinity and yo bitchass mom's house
Fuck your protein powder.
Only a Spoonful ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Bababooey
capybara?! capybara!! coconut doggy! o my gosh
Verified Monokuma Knockoff-Free Since 1983
(>'-')> ^('_')\- <('_'<) That was the move that made LeBron cry
Bing Chilling
Vanessa, I am trying to sneak around, but I just shat myself.
Make sure to follow MindGoblin on twitch!
Minin' away! I don't know what to mine, I'll mine this anyway
We got a number one Victory Royale. Yeah, Fortnite, we 'bout to get down.
Gaslight. Gatekeep. Girlboss.
You take the moon! And you took my son...
Fly me to the moon! Let me kick its fucking ass.
Sub with Twitch Prime
Shrek is love. Shrek is life.
It's all ogre now!
Ah shit, here we go again.
Hi, I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC. Why don't you take a seat right over there?
I'm a Goofy Goober!
I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop.
Beautiful day outside... birds are singing, flowers are blooming...
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.
What if purple guy is not kill?
IS THAT THE BITE OF '87??
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me
I am the one who shits.
Hey now! You're an all-star!
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
1/10 Dentists Recommend
Who's Candice?
Fuck ya life! BING BONG
LGBT- Luigi Got Big Tiddies
ayo my balls are itchy.
Who is your favorite fearless hero? 
Didn't I do it for you...? When all I do is for you.. Kermie...?
Now with 100% more cringe!
Part of an unbalanced breakfast.
Dear Mario: Do NOT come to the castle. I've baked an absolute dogshit cake. Just completely fucked it up. -Peach
Connection terminated... I'm sorry to interrupt you, JOMSMP, if you still even remember that name.
JESSE. WE NEED TO BREW.
Better call Paul!